You know that feeling, the
one where everything should be
fine, but something feels off.
You've got the job, you've got
the house, you've got the partner.
You take the vacations, you've
checked every box that they said
would lead to fulfillment, and yet
something inside you is restless.
It's quietly, persistently whispering.
This, isn't it?
This can't be it.
And if that whisper feels
familiar, you're not broken.
Okay?
You're standing on the
edge of something deeper.
This is the beginning of your journey.
Most people treat that
discomfort like it's a flaw.
Okay?
It's something to medicate,
something to ignore or numb.
But what if that pain isn't the problem?
What if it's a compass?
What if it's the invitation?
What if your discomfort is the
war cry of your most authentic
self, rebelling against a life
that won't allow it to be free?
Yeah, I've said it a few times,
but I need you to remember it.
I wanna be quotable,
like or cry, Jake Sebok.
Anyway, the point is
you're not broken, okay?
You're being called this moment.
It shows up in every great story.
It's what Joseph Campbell referred
to as the call to adventure.
Think about King Arthur.
Okay?
He didn't know he was royalty, but when
he pulled that sword from the stone.
His entire reality shifted.
He was thrust into a world
he never knew he was part of,
and nothing was ever the same.
He had a choice, right?
Reject the mantle or accept
it, or let's look at Moana.
You got kids.
She's doing everything right
next in line to lead her village.
But the ocean keeps calling her
beyond the reef, and no matter how
hard she tries to stay, something
inside, just won't let her.
Well, Luke Skywalker, we talked
about him stuck on a desert planet.
He's playing it safe until one
day, a message from a galaxy far,
far away, shatters everything.
He thought he knew Katniss Everdeen.
She didn't plan to lead a revolution.
Frodo didn't ask for the ring.
Neo didn't go looking for the red pill,
but when the moment came, he chose it.
Adventure chose them
and they had a choice.
Stay in the known or
step into what's calling.
In that same moment, it lies inside you.
Maybe your job used to make
sense, but now it drains you.
Maybe the relationship you dreamed
of doesn't feel like home anymore.
Maybe the faith you were raised in
feels more like a cage than a sanctuary.
Your questioning, friendships,
habits, even your own identity,
and that is not dysfunction.
That's your soul trying to
breathe the pain you feel.
It's not just pain.
It's a flare in the sky.
It's a signal that says
something is not right here.
Not because you are wrong, but because
the life you're living no longer
matches the person you're becoming.
You're standing in the tension
between the life you've built and
the life that's calling between who
you've been and who you're becoming.
And here's the tricky part, right?
From the outside, it all looks
fine, but on the inside you
feel like you're slowly dying.
It's exhausting, it's
confusing, and you're just too
close to it to get clarity.
You're stuck in the fog and you're
asking, how do I get out of this?
What's next?
It's like you need a,
a compass or something.
Wait, didn't I say something
about a compass earlier?
Oh yeah.
Here it is.
Pain is a compass.
Worth it.
Anyway, pain is not the enemy.
Okay.
It's data.
Discomfort, resentment, frustration.
These are all signs that something isn't
working, but they're more than that.
They're actually pointing
to what you really want.
That's the work we're about to do.
Okay?
In a moment, I'll guide you through
the tension compass exercise.
It's designed to help you trace
the friction in your life and
follow it straight to your joy.
Because that's what we're doing here.
We're not just naming what feels off.
That's no fun.
We're revealing the buried bliss
that's been hiding underneath.
We're using your pain as a signal.
This is where your journey
starts to take shape.
This is the part of your journey
where most people turn back, okay?
They hear the call and they
silence it, but not you.
You didn't come this
far to keep faking it.
You came to find out what's
real, so let's get to it.